Following are the list of FAQs for MOTN festival - 

Question: What is the Mother of the Nation festival?
Answer: MOTN is an entertainment festival filled with a range of activities for everyone, from international cuisines and retail to artistry and music. There is something to suit everyone and all are welcome. This year, MOTN will take place in 3 locations: Al Dhafra (22-26 November), Al Ain (29 November- 3 December) and Abu Dhabi Corniche (8-31 December). 
 

Question: When is the Mother of the Nation Festival happening? 
Answer: MOTN will take place in 3 location:  
Al Dhafra: 22-26 November, Al Ain: 29 November- 3 December, Abu Dhabi Corniche: 8-31 December. The Festival Hours are: 4PM to 12AM every day, except for New Year's Eve when we close at 1AM. 


Question: Where is the Mother of the Nation festival happening? 
Answer: MOTN will take place in 3 location:  Al Dhafra: 22-26 November, Al Ain: 29 November- 3 December, Abu Dhabi Corniche: 8-31 December.  The Festival Hours are: 4PM to 12AM every day, except for New Year's Eve when we close at 1AM. 


Question: Will there be parking available? Is it free? 
Answer: Yes, there is free parking opposite the Corniche in the Khalidiya Parking Lot, as well as paid valet parking. As there are limited spaces, a first-come-first-served basis will apply. 
 

Question: Is it a free event? 
Answer: We have a few ticket options for you to choose from on our ticketing pages.   

Question: Can I buy a ticket when I arrive? 
Answer: Each one of our entrances to the event has a ticketing booth where you can purchase your tickets when you arrive. 
 

Question: What is the dress code? 
Answer: While there is no dress code for the event, we encourage you to be respectful to those around you and to the local culture by dressing appropriately. 
 

Question: Is it a kids friendly event? 
Answer: The event is full of child-friendly activities. Or, if like us, you’re yet to master the art of proper ‘adulting’, there are loads of games suitable for adults too. After all, it’s not right that kids get to have all the fun is it? 
 

Question: Is it a pets friendly event? 
Answer: We're sorry to say that the event has a strict no pets policy. Kindly leave your pets at home before you head down for a fun-filled day! 
 

Question: I lost / forgot something at the festival. Is there a lost and found? 
Answer: Our staff will be able to direct you to the nearest information booth. We will be more than happy to assist you with your lost belongings. 
 

Question: How can I participate as a vendor or sponsor? 
Answer: Please reach out to info@motn.ae regarding participation at MOTN as a vendor. 
 

Question: How can I volunteer for the event? 
Answer: For more information, kindly contact info@motn.ae regarding this. 
 

Question: What is an activity zone? 
Answer: Our activities are split into areas to celebrate our culture and help you easily navigate the experience. You can learn more about the activities at each zone page. 
 

Question: What food and drink / artists / activities are available? 
Answer: Hello, there's a range of activities available at MOTN and truly something for everyone to enjoy. To learn more about the itinerary, visit https://www.motn.ae/ for further information. We look forward to seeing you there!


Question: How can I participate as a performer? 
Answer: Please reach out to info@motn.ae regarding participation at MOTN as a performer. 
 

Question: I am at the festival and have noticed an issue / need help. 
Answer: Our onsite security will be happy to assist you. Please report to the nearest information booth. Hope your issue is resolved soon! 
 

Question: I had a bad experience / am disappointed 
Answer: Your experience at MOTN is our priority, and your feedback is important to us. Please could you send us further details in a DM to our IG account and we'll pass it along to the team for immediate action. 
 

Question: I would love to come to the event, but I am concerned about COVID-19 / What safety precautions are you taking in light of the pandemic? 
Answer: We're working closely with the government and all relevant authorities to make this event as safe as possible for all of our guests. You can read more about the safety measures we're taking in our story highlights. If you have any other questions, please DM us and we'll be happy to help! 
 
 

Question: About DCT ABU DHABI 
Answer: The Department of Culture and Tourism conserves and promotes the heritage and culture of Abu Dhabi emirate and leverages them in the development of a world-class, sustainable destination of distinction, which enriches the lives of visitors and residents alike. The organisation manages the emirate’s tourism sector and markets the destination internationally through a wide range of activities aimed at attracting visitors and investment. Its policies, plans and programmes relate to the preservation of heritage and culture, including protecting archaeological and historical sites and to developing museums, including Zayed National Museum, Guggenheim Abu Dhabi, and Louvre Abu Dhabi. DCT Abu Dhabi also supports intellectual and artistic activities and cultural events to nurture a rich cultural environment and honour the emirate’s heritage. A key role is to create synergy in the destination’s development through close co-ordination with its wide-ranging stakeholder base.